# GroceryFrequencyData
 Reads produce purchases from a file with options to view histogram and purchase data counted

# About
 A fictitious grocery store company is rearranging their produce section and they need to know the purchase data day to day to know what produce is the most popular. They have the data in a text document in a form of a list of every item bought, but they needed it counted and displayed as a histogram. I think I did really well at divison of code between functions. The duties of the overall program I think are triaged well into their own sub-routines. One thing I could have done better was utilizing the code that connected the two files, I think I used them the way that made sense at the time in my head, but it wasn't the best way to use them.
 Something I remember challenging from the code was writing to a new file each item and the amount the item was purchased on each new line. If I added a new line to the final line of the file, then when it was read in, it read in a blank named item. I had to track when the last iteration of the writing loop was to make sure I didn't write a new line, avoiding the empty named item when being read back in. Being able to coordinate two programming languages in one project is incredibly useful, and that feature from this project will be very useful to transfer to other projects. I made sure to write plenty of in line comments for all the code I wrote, and function definition comments to make sure the code was readable by others. I also made sure to make the functions modular so that they could easily be trasnferred to other projects if needed.
